True
Yes.
Imagine disliking our president so much that you name your Xbox Live account for it. This was on Call of Duty. He was even saying “fuck Donald Trump” into his mic. It’s sad that some people let hatred consume their life. But he and our president have one thing in common; a love for guns and military
Truth! It’ll happen in 2020 if they are not stopped.
Could Joe be the next president?
where to get a MAGA hat?
That one kid from school still lying.
When Epstein arrives in jail...
Fake polls by the fake news! I’m sure there’s a tweet coming...
How does Trump have a lower yes rating than cardi b. (Cardi b has a 9% yes)
If you cant beat him...
How is trump not racist?
Really tired of libtards trolling our sub
I love David Harris JR
THANK YOU FOR WASTING "OUR TIME" DEMS
BREAKING-Trump’s Release Of Exculpatory Transcript Call With Ukraine Before Testimony Ends It All For Schiff
Bret Baier. Moron.
Impeachment hearings summarized in 30 seconds
Project about Trump/Fake News
Vaxxed, AMC, Censorship, & The Not So Obvious Establishment
what do yall think of yang
Facts...
Just spiting straight facts
Preparation H
British elections move on...
The Bold Conservative – Adam Schiff Lied Numerous Times During Impeachment Hearing #55
Seeking additional moderators
Donald Trump Jr $50K visit sparks call to impeach Florida student president
Grand Rapids to pay $190K to Latino US citizen held by ICE
President Trump Rally. Live NOW
Resemblance?
Clinton WhistleBlower: FEDS Probe Adam Schiff Dressed like Egyptian at Bizarre “Sacrafice” Parties at Ed Buck’s Meth Mansion
Is Pelosi trying to channel Spock or something here? She does the weirdest things with her hands.
Although Trump will win 2020 im scared for 2024
Pure evil:
Why do you specifically support Trump
TRUMP RALLY Reminder - Rally Tonight Monday 11/14 in Bossier City, LA - Catch it live at /r/Donald_Trump
False flag to distract us from the failed 1st impeachment hearing
Proof Epstein "Wink Wink" Didn't Kill Himself
Trump pokes fun at himself. Why do only some people see it?
Trump blasts Adam Schiff and Nancy Pelosi following impeachment hearing.
A whistleblower, presumably from r/The_Donald has provided evidence to me that Reddit is censoring mention and memes invoking the name of “the whistleblower” involved in Trumps impeachment. This is despite Reddit claiming not to censor his name.
RazingCane1
The Impeachment Song
Impeachment hearings transcript released
LIVE NOW | Glenn Beck Presents: The Democrats’ Hydra
FDA Wants to Control Your Stem Cells!
Kentucky Governor Holds Press Conference On Election Fraud- Dems Are F*cked !
Devin Nunes Slams Democrats In Devastating Opening Statement During Impeachment Hearing!
How Jihadi Justin Trudeau Is Destroying Canada's Small Towns With Targeted Mass Migration!
Noel Ignatiev, A Communist Advocating For Eliminating White People &"Whiteness" Is Dead :D
Don Cherry Lost His Job For Supporting The Troops, But This C*nt Jessie Rae Allen Is Free To Spew Racist Crap Against Canadian "White Boy" Hockey Players?!
Communist Pope (With Evo Morales)
Stormys hat
I haven't been following white house politics lately, get me up to speed...
Jim Jordan Shreds Every Single #Impeachment Argument To Pieces In 5 Minutes
Deep State Terrorist Exposed
Thoughts on this?
Don’t know if anyone else has posted this, if they have I’m sorry. I just thought this belonged here.
Serves her right. Prety much sums up what almost all Democrats are. If you don't agree with me, im going to attack you physically is the way they live.
Watch "DNC Researcher With Ukrainian Ties Visited Obama White House Often".
Trump string of bad luck continues as he Deletes Sean Spicer Endorsement After He Loses On ‘DWTS’
Google Running Orwellian Project To Secretly Hoover Up Health Records Of Millions Of Americans Across 21 States!
MAGA- Researchers Produce Hydrogen From Sea Water In ‘Clean Energy’ Breakthrough
Real ultimate power
A commie after Trump wins 2020
Keep America great!
A trump or a Democrat?
Vote for Sean. Trigger the left.
This Kid Is Bigger Than Most Men!
DO you support Kirk or Nick Fuentes
Trump participates in New York's Veterans Day ceremonies
Happy Veterans Day to all the brave men and women who have so selflessly served this beautiful country!
China is murdering freedom fighters. What are YOU if you purchase Chinese garbage this holiday season?
Reddit Is Censoring This Photo Of Hong Kong Protesters Waving USA & MAGA Flags! Beijing Controls Reddit !
They will never take our country from us!
New $20, coming 2020!
“Oh You Of Little Man” Watch Trump Ends Bloomberg Candidacy with Three Words
Ex-intelligence Head Calls John Bolton a self-aggrandizing, pathetic man.
Thank You Mr. President
Watch the news people
Damn right
What was said of the eight-armed cephalopresident when he said he would 'make deliverable' investigations of his political opponents?
Is Bloomberg just trying to get under Trump's skin?
If at second you don’t succeed...
I'm probably going to commit suicide from 4 bolt-action rounds to the back of the head for this:
A great quote from Donald Trump - telling it like it is
Trump Official: Tariff Rollback Rumor Started By “Propagandists Within the Chinese Government”
FOR MY NEW YORK CONSERVATIVES!
Sessions running for his old Senate seat
Wow. All for expressing a valid opinion.
Conservatives Really Are Better Looking, Research Says!
Sportsbooks Take Bets On Trump´s 2019 Lies count (as recorded by the Washington-Post Fact Checker)
Mike Gallagher, the 8th most recognized talk radio personality, in the U.S.A., is heard by over 2.25 million listeners weekly. He compiled and wrote the following essay entitled, "Obama: It was You." * It was you who spoke these words at an Islamic dinner - "I am one of you." * It was you who on
Trump to pay $2 million to settle New York civil lawsuit against Trump Foundation and his children
What is your dream America? What do Trump supporters want?
James Comey: If Trump Is Re-Elected-“Am Leaving America”
Witch Hunt!
Why Trump is the BEST
The name is out! The name is out!!
Where were the whistle blowers on foreign policy during Obama's terms?
‘Coup Has Started’: Whistleblower’s Attorney Vowed To ‘Get Rid Of Trump’ in 2017
Two Former Twitter Employees Charged With Spying On Behalf Of Saudi Arabia
Eco-GENOCIDE: 11,000 Scientists Sign Order Demanding Globalists ELIMINATE Billions Of Humans From Planet Earth!
Trumps Lost A Whistleblower
Republican candidate charged with distributing fake sample ballots on Election Day
🤣 MASH-UP: Trump’s al-Baghdadi vs Obama’s Bin Laden (Animated)
Mainstream media makes me sick. They need to be held accountable.
Respectful Gays Vs. SJW C*cksuckers!
I don’t know where to post this. My comment is in reference to the fact that impeaching Trump is a waste of our time and money. It’s like I can’t have an opinion on Reddit without being downvoted to hell.
May or may not be removed
TRUMP RALLY Reminder - Rally Tonight Monday 11/6 in Monroe LA - Catch it live at /r/Donald_Trump
Honest question: has your support for Donald Trump waned at all since he’s been in office? Why or why not?
daddy
Sorry libs there are plenty of Trump kids! 3 total!!
I was initially against the wall being built, but this is unbelievable
App where you can see all trumps tweets and see all of his tweets and articles and YouTube videos about him. You just have to switch it at the bottom right. It’s a Yang app but really well made. Came across it because my cousin showed me it.
Trump Called Woman Who Accused Him of Sexual Assault, Records Show
There are a lot of Shills on this Sub, Ignore them!
Trump to wage WAR against Mexican Cartels
Seattle, wa??
Get the book y'all!!
Roger Stone’s Emergency Message To Trump!
Top “Epstein Didn’t Kill Himself” Memes
Dem Lawmaker And Daughter Caught – Facing Years In Prison For Despicable...
An important message from Dennis Rodman. 😳🤪
GOP breaking with Trump over exposing Whistle blower
Sondland confirms Trump held up aid for quid pro quo
The real polls
Twitter is manipulating what I see on my timeline and trends... Because I tweeted about #EpsteinCoverup
Lol this gave me a good laugh....Liberals React to TRUMP Winning The US Election!
Democrats Are The True Racists
Trump is the modern day Julius Caesar
After the 3rd attempt to remove Donald?
I am an Avowed Anti-Trumper Who Listens to Conservative Media in His Car. We’re in Dire Straits.
Virginia Vote For Gun Control is Another Excuse for a Gun Grab #51
So Donny Jr "wrote" a book...
Unthinkable!!! Warren's 'Medicare for All' is mere fantasy and a big threat to US economy.
Trump supporters, what is your opinions on gays?
Trump Must Seize Domains of Google, Twitter, Facebook, & YouTube To Stop Censorship!
Steve Bannon (Who Helped Stage Russia Gate As Revenge Against Trump) Set to Testify Against Roger Stone!
VIDEO: James O’Keefe Releasing Secret Epstein Recordings! Epstein Neck Broken In 2 Places!
X-Muslim Arab Woman Loves Bikinis Over Burkas!
Who’s yuri?
Trump!
Michele Bachmann: Trump has ‘greater moral clarity’ than any other president in history
LIVE on #Periscope: Trump Speech in Lexington, Kentucky 4/11/19
🙄🙄
Impeachment Balloons...
Trump’s Opposition to ‘Endless Wars’ Appeals to Those Who Fought Them
Is trump homophobic?
Thoughts on Contempt of Congress
The solution end illegal immigration.
Adam Schiff presses on transcripts closed hearings
Christian church under trump. (Also a fire at a church in the Netherlands today)
Why The Impeachment Inquiry IS A WASTE OF TIME
More border guards in the north please
Trump Taxes: Appeals Court Rules President Must Turn Over 8 Years of Tax Returns
TRUMP RALLY Reminder - Rally Tonight Monday 11/4 - Catch it live at /r/Donald_Trump
Trump is the embodiment of the Hungry Ghost. We can learn from this man- Learn what not to do.
Does Donald need to choke a bitch?
Ecoffee Ep.3 - TRUMP e i DAZI sui prodotti ITALIANI
NWO Whore Barbara Lerner Spectre- "Europe Will Not Survive, Because I Do Not Want It To!"
Dan Bongino Goes On Epic Rant That Sums Up the Impeachment Probe
JAYANT BHANDARI - Trump Got It Right On Africa!
Indian Investor Jayant Bhandari Says West Is Being Destroyed By Immigration!
Trump blasts Gov. Gavin Newsom, over management of California wildfire.
SOROS: Major Russian TV Documentary Film Exposes The Globalists' & Liberal Godfather George Soros
Interesting video talking about how Chinese react to Trump impeachment inquiry
This guy decides to be an a-hole when I asked him how Obama is better than Trump. (He's red, I'm black.)
Shout out to those Baby Boomer Trump supporters who got on reddit by accident!!!
Tom Shillue parodies Adam Schiff
I like how the people that made this took Trump's view on MS 13 out of context...
Impeach this LMAO!
Donald Trump retweets fighter Jorge Masvidal calling the president a 'bad mother******'
Another smocking gun!! (Just watch, and share!)
Had to take a piss pretty badly today.
Nancy Pelosi entrapped in Massive corruption Scandal. Let's see how she'll get out
Whats going on with the majority of Americans ?
Impeach trump
It’s like these democrats just keep getting dumber
President Donald J Trump
How the next election is going to go
The best part about the trump
I am tired of the snowflakes!
You can vote for a Democrat you support and still vote for Trump later if your candidate didn’t make it.
Proving to America that non of us should follow the laws .
BuT He SaYs wHaTs oN HiS MiNd.
Split-screen moment as Trump rallies in Mississippi and Democrats fight to oust him in Iowa
Make liberals cry again
Video: Canada Health Minister Accused Of Faking Flu Shot While Pushing Vaccines!
Trump Activates U.S. Marine Reserves For ‘Emergency Within The United States’ To Stop Illegal Coup!
Trump To Give ‘Fireside Chat’ Directly To American People!
During his general election campaign, Donald Trump registered 8 new companies in Saudi Arabia.
This is why I love our President.
what a trump 2020 landslide would look like :)
Check out /r/Donald_Trump for tonight's MAGA Rally, LIVE.
Security Over Freedom & Kanye Saves America's Soul
LEAKED DOCUMENT Reveals Sidewalk Labs Smart City DATA COLLECTION & SURVEILANCE !
Upvote if you think this hat should be official.
ALTERNATE IDEA FOR WALL

Why Canadians Are Being Financially Raped: To Finance Migrants' Destruction Of Canada!
HELP pro-Trump Mayoral Candidate Ellen Lee Zhou In San Francisco!
Katie Hills fall from Congress.
Democrats Cheer Congress' SHAM Vote Thinking Trump is IMPEACHED |The Bold Conservative
How does a "horrible Presedant" add another record breaking 126,000 jobs to the economy?
Was Trump Caught on Leaked Recording Threatening Ukraine Whistleblower With Death?
I’ve never been unsubscribed/blocked faster!
What has trump done?
Rep. Collins: Democrats continue to lie to Americans and keep shredding our rules and procedures.
The concept of "white privilege" is a delusion that aims only to create conflict among differing ethnic communities
Deep State
Is Trump a witch. 1. Put Trump under water for 5 mins. If he's still breathing. Then he's a witch. 2. Repeat the 1st step. But if he's stop breathing then he's a witch. 3. Collect some wood put into a pile. Place trump on top and set a light. That's how you kill a witch.
Saw this on Twitter
Pedophiles Rule The World & Why They Hate Trump!
Rothschilds Raping Canada!
Exposed: Justin Trudeau's REAL Bio!
Reprobate Rothschilds Exposed !
Look what I found along my change lol
They are NOT "whistleblowers." They are SPIES. They are CIA SPOOKS. Operation Gladio
Whistleblower's Identity Finally Revealed?
Hexing POTUS.
Perfect Strategy...winning
Abortion Is Murder
Amid impeachment probe, Trump’s approval remains steady
A Quote For Conservative Minded People
Let’s hope out Eric and buy some bars from him.
Let's fight fire with FIRE
🤔
Is there a trump hate sub??
50/50?
ANIME TRUMP
WTF!!! 😵😵😵
This is the best photoshop trumpsters can do?
Trump takes pulse of GOP on Alabama Senate race
I merged Jon Voight's Trump video from the 2016 RNC with the Biff Tannen Museum scene from BttF2.
Trump, Retirement, & Stock Market
Trump responds to Vindman's testimony, "it's nonsense"
Donald Trump's Wolf of the White House speech. (deepfake)
2081 - a short film that portrays the left's end-game goals.
Will it be a fair hearing
Well, well, well ... Ukraine "whistleblower" tried to alter White House calls to fit his narrative!!
Who in America doesn’t know to put Halloween candy in the bag the kid is carrying and not on top of their head?
China, US to sign trade deal on Nov. 17 in win for Trump
House Democrats unveil impeachment resolution — live updates
Is Donald Trump really "anti war"?
Unfounded Attacks Show Limits of Trump’s Impeachment Defense
It’s OK to be a PATRIOT!
If Trump Is Impeached or Defeated, H
If you see anything pro-lib from any of these posters, report it. It's propaganda.
A well adjusted trump supporter
Saw this gem on the way to the airport. Love it. #2020 Trump
purple heart???
Brainwashed?
Remember the Plan!
No uncle joe
Baghdadi Operation Named After Christian Woman Who Refused to Give Up Faith Before ISIS Killed Her
Trump is very happy Al-Bhagdadi is dead
Typical Democrat. If you hate Trump, shouldn't you try to better than what you think he is? Why do stoop lower than what you think Trump is.
Biden won’t give Trump any credit for al-Baghdadi raid
(Fellas only) would you smash Donald trump?
White House slams rapper YG for booting fan for not saying ‘f–k Donald Trump’: ‘Example of the tolerant left’
For the Dems criticizing Trumps tarriffs on China.
Trump explains why he kept ‘leaker’ Schiff, Pelosi in the dark on al-Baghdadi raid.
RIP Alabama 😱
Setting the fake news straight
Why hasn’t trump tweeted about being booed at the nats game?
Trump redefined “wireless”. The LAN cables in the middle aren't even connected🤣
Arriving in style in Chicago
Biden calls Trump an 'idiot' for dismissing Russian election interference
Donald Trump Makes the World a Better Place with his Good Vibrations
Donald Trump announces ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi is dead
President Trump showered with boos and chants of "lock him up!" while attending World Series game Sunday night.
Was Donald Trump’s Baghdadi raid photo staged?
LOOOL: CNBC Hack John Harwood Is Really, Really Upset That Al-Baghdadi Was Killed!
Isis is SCREWED now because of trump
BOOOM REPORT: SHOCKING FBI LOVE TRIANGLE -- FBI Director McCabe Had Affair With Top FBI Lawyer Lisa Page, Who Also Had Affair With FBI Boss Strzok (Video)!!!
Can Trump do something about ITS WORSE THEN THEY ARE TELLING US WEATHERWARFARE LIVE!! #ANALYSIS
Our Emerging Threat: How China exports censorship into corporate America!!!
This are the FACTS: In case you did not Know!
Steve Bannon says Nancy Pelosi is "winning" and "will impeach" Donald Trump
Crazy: Trump First Small Billionaire to Loud-Mouthedly Defy the Money-printing Trillionaires Taxing the Billionaires and Millionaires and Everyone Else out of Money
Political Elites Are Untouchable No More
ISIS LEADER ABU BAKR AL-BAGHDADI DEAD IN US MILITARY OPERATION
Ive been permanently banned from r/politics for posting link on WaPo for calling a “religious scholar”. The anti-Trump mob rule of Reddit continues.
LOL: New York City BUSTED "Exporting" Homeless People To Other States!!! (Tim Pool)
🙄🙄 #LiberalLogic
PELOSI IS MAD – NO NOTICE OF SYRIA RAID TO DEMS
Today at Loony r/Politics!!
Warning, let us not get Cocky, there is a fight ahead: Bannon Warns Republicans To "Wake Up," Pelosi's Impeachment Strategy Is "Winning Right Now"!
Netanyahu Congratulates Trump on Elimination of al-Baghdadi
"He died like a dog" Trump announces death of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
You know this is true.
Trump’s Defiant Message to Washington: My Approach to Alliances Just Worked
r/politics a TDS Circlejerk?
Yet another hypocrisy exposed
She put her kid in a closet and told him monsters only eat boys and he’ll live if he becomes a girl
Trump announces death of IS leader Al-Baghdadi
IS leader al-Baghdadi died 'crying': Trump
3 Years and Still Waiting
Donald trump support memes don’t survive except here so, bam first meme🇺🇸
Does this seem ominous, or does Mark Zuckerburg know I’m on mushrooms and targeted that advertisement specifically for me
Trump just posted this. Why?
IDAP of Michael Moore
Hillary
I finally got a new hat!
President Trump received the ‘Bipartisan Justice Award’ by black organization for ‘First Step Act’
What do you think of Andrew Yang and why?
You're brainwashed!
Trump will win again, easily: Liberals simply don't understand what he represents
Game Show Bernie
BREAKING!!! OVERNIGHT DEEPSTATE APOCOLYPSE!!! LET THE CRIMINAL PROBES BE...
Freeform Friday Oct 25 2019
Trump-Tweet an Tim Apple: Ich will den Home Button zurück!
Bernie's vision is for everyone to be living a nightmare
Libtards be like
RPN Friday Night Livestream - Maryam Henein and the Technofascist State
This comic book in SF airport
Trump Approval Up to 42% with Black Males -- Makes 2020 Election Impossible for Democrats
Trump reminds us of all the good he has done.
Just to put things into perspective, DC is 50th on the “population by state list.” California is the most populated state. Texas is the 2nd most popular state, and they are #37 on the list pictured. With that said, only vote blue if you want to increase your risk of homelessness!!
Trump Education Official to Resign and Call for Mass Student-Loan Forgiveness
'Anonymous' Trump official to expose private conversations with President in book
This is not the action of a man with nothing to hide. BREAKING: Trump plans to appeal House Democrats' subpoena for financial records to Supreme Court
Law of Motion?
End green card giveaways, DACA, anchor babies - which smother American dreams. Corporate globalist greed is hardship catalyst for American families. It created over-diversification in our country. They profit, Americans pony up. The price: hyper-violence, job loss, Jihad. Immigration moratorium NOW!
Trump's Foreign Policy Process Stirs Controversy in Washington
"Journalism"
Trump claims ABSOLUTE right to request Biden investigation.
Democrat Katie Hill Naked Showing Off Her Nazi Era Tattoo While Smoking Weed. This A Few Days After Being Accused Of Abusing Her Aid Sexually.
This!
Trumps impeachment
Child Predation Services of Arizona
Don Lemon & Fredo Cuomo hangin out
Who you got?
"When it's me, it's different! Reeeeee!"
Orange man bad. Snowflake bad.
Canada's Federal Government, Via Wilfred Laurier University, Telling Muslims How To Vote!
In 2016, Heslep, who Hill is currently divorcing, allegedly posted a naked picture of his wife on two forums of social media site Reddit called 'WouldYouF**kMyWife' and 'wifesharing', according to a source close to the couple
Democrat Rep. Katie Hill (CA) Shows Off Nazi Tattoo While Smoking Bong N... OUT OF CONTROL!!!
Red Pill News - Bar Association Tells AG Barr To Recuse, Fear Grips Dems
K and K
Trump quotes
Over 40 years ago, Reagan warned us. We didn't listen.
"Vacate Syria" Russia demands US troops
The Racist Left
Colorado used to be so beautiful
White House Threatens to Veto Bill Requiring Campaigns to Report ‘Illicit Offers’ From Foreign Governments
Ah The Good Ole Days #GoTrump #AllInTheFamily #Trump #MAGA OCnsfw
Trump better pay up!
Why do you have to support literally everything cheetoh in chief does?
Austrian-Swedish immigrant, Andre Burakovsky, unlike most athletes, cares about OUR country!
And they say republicans are racist
Are THEY In Danger Of Losing It ALL?
My Experience With Leftist Protestors Today In Pittsburgh
Not sure how much of the people here are actually still supporting Trump.
Are THEY In Danger Of Losing It ALL?
Bumped into this crew in DC at Natural History Museum. Show some love to these guys for proving America does have a future!!
Border wall in Colorado? What you guys think?
Donald Trump 🚀 Rocket Meme
Trump lifting sanctions on Turkey
democrats
Thoughts on this tweet?
Trump refers to ‘Never Trumpers’ as ‘human scum!’ worse than Democrats
Hillary
House impeachment Democrats step up threats in standoff over Trump administration documents
Trump lawyers: He can&#x27;t be investigated if he shot someone on 5th Ave
Republicans Storm Secure Room
Iraq says US troops leaving Syria can't redeploy there and have to leave in 4 weeks, a fresh embarrassment in Trump's botched withdrawal
Is the current investigation into Trump a 'lynching'? Not if you compare to what republicans did to Obama.
Dems guilty of lynching?
Joe Biden called out for slamming Trump's lynching tweet when he said the same thing in 1998
Trump ordered ‘EVERYTHING’ be withheld unless Ukraine promised to probe Joe Biden’s son, top US diplomat tells impeachment inquiry
Trump leaving the Kurds was predicted by piano fiasco
Can you calm down, please?
MAGA 2020
Who can explain the Ukraine thing to me?
Pence 2020?
Stop
IMPEACH DRUMPF!
I wanna vote democrat.
The mentality of the left.
I’m against trump
Anonymous Trump insider who rocked White House with 'resistance' op-ed will tell EVERYTHING in book
Congress
President Trump and UK prime minister congratulates Trudeau on victory in Canada elections
How Trump Supporters See The Mueller Investigation
Democrat Congresswoman Allegedly Had 'Throuple' Affair With Young Female Staffer
Hell yea Im Black And I Like Trump T-Shirt
A possible explanation:
Y'all are fucking dumb hahahaha
Trump let Russia win...over and over
Go to bed Donald
Trump says the 'phony' Constitution 'doesn't matter' because he's 'rich' [VIDEO]
Trump says he's never had an empty seat at a rally, despite pictures showing empty seats at rallies
Trump goes on rant over 'phony' emoluments clause -
vote trump
Trump
What’s the constitution
Found a MAGA hat at a Gas Station in Colorado......weird blue state
Schumer express fear over Trump exposing whistleblower's identity.

Hillary
Chelsea
Flutes?
Pelosi
Schiff
Pelosi
"Multigendered"AOC bluffs in an embarrassing fashion while trying to sound smart.
Pro Trumpers, curious on your perspective
Billions of lives were saved! Source: De Speld, https://www.instagram.com/p/B33-HxXDAvC/?igshid=128kqq799ml5q
Trump, Republicans and impeachment: This time feels different, but maybe it's not
Katie Hill
A question for trump voters about the 2020 election
Saw trump At the gun show
For all the retards that still think he is racist.
Top 5 Most Outrageous Political Stories of the Week [video]
Trump Doral Miami Resort no longer hosting G7 next year
Trump’s Impeachment Got Real This Week
Military Coup?
Katie Hills husband
Katie Hill
Can you help me find this video clip of Trump
What is this bs on trumps twitch page
Katie Hill
Respond to VC -- Trump style!
Liberals be like
Resign
Trump the predator
THIS SHOULD BE OF CONCERN TO ALL PATRIOTS AS 2020 APPROACHES
State department funds no mishandling of classified information.
Bookers girl beats trannies
CPC Paid Professional Grifter Warren Kinsella To Execute “Project Cactus” To Portray People’s Party SUPPORTERS As Racist ! ✝️
The Democrat Death Cult
Election 2019: Why PPC Is Only Choice For Liberty
Help me compile a list to recite to Liberal media believers...
Mattis mocks Trump's bone spurs during Al Smith dinner speech
Retired admiral: America is under attack from Trump
How trump fooled Dems with his letter to Turkey
Rep. McCaul on Dems' impeachment 'fishing expedition': Adam Schiff's secret process 'defies democracy'
"market manipulation that constitutes criminal violations"
2A rights are looking to be on the table in the 2020 election. Here are some facts the left needs to consider.
Kurds say Turkey is violating hours-old 'ceasefire' in northern Syria
SNL Democrat Impeachment Town Hall
Real reason Trump is being impeached
What happened to respect? (Discussion Welcome)
They estimated 20-25,000 people in the stadium and over 30,000 people outside. Dallas Texas 10-18-19 the largest rally ever.
Tell me how trump knows more than this guy....
Trump rally.. Dallas Texas. Heads Up Patriots.
Mulvaney says Ukraine aid was tied to investigation into 2016
What is your take on Trump requesting the G7 summit be at his facility?
MAGA Trump - My Sacrifice
There Are A Lot More Than 25
Congressman Elijah Cummings dies at 68. President Trump Mourns his Demise
Congress Moves To Sanction Turkey
Trump Sends Third-Grade Reading-Level Letter to Erdoğan
Democrats seem to now question Pelosi's strategy.
Meltdown.
Does anyone else notice how one sided r/politics has become?
Bizarre: Avon Catalog Features Image Of Woman Caressing Baphomet aka Satan!
Downvoted for saying Trump defeated ISIS
Truly a benchmark moment for dear leader
Communist China- Threat To World Liberty!
Good guy or bad guy? (Serious)
Prince Of Pot Marc Emery Loves PPC !
Socialist Bloc Québécois Racism: 'Vote For People Who Look Like You!'
Capitalism Has Made Nearly Everyone More Prosperous Than Our Ancestors Could Even Imagine!
The reality is not kind to progressives.
Why Public Schools & The Mainstream Media Dumb Us Down!
Silence
Democrats Announce They WILL NOT Vote On Impeachment Authorization Against Trump
Crazy Idea
Trump 2020. My roommate got me this flag for my college dorm. Vibe check compete
Trump's withdrawal from Kurdistan is a trap for Erdogan.
NBA sell out American values for Chinese censorship and greed!
My name is Gene Huber on Feb 18th 2017 at the Melbourne Rally President Trump called me on stage Google Gene Huber Youtube and watch the amazing video of the Hug Of The American People I wrote a Book to show that President Trump is the Man Of The People and the Greatest President Amazon.combooks
I am not sure on my political party
Viral TikTok: Republican slowly realizing what Democrats are like 😂
Trump Signs Autism Act
Joe Biden’s son confirms what we already knew for years!!!
It's A Middle Class Boom Depite The Lies The Democrats Are Saying
Donald Trump's approval rating drops among North Carolina voters as Republicans walk away over Ukraine, impeachment
8 sexual images of your favorite U.S Presidents
My dads Lawyer reppin
Ex-Trump Lawyer Issues Formal Legal Notice To Congress... In Comic Sans.
friendly reminder: we have a Constitution
18 U.S. Code § 2385 - Advocating overthrow of Government | U.S. Code | US Law | LII / Legal Information
Ahaahhaha
LeBron knows the real power
Keep America Great 2020
HIGH IQ AND ENERGY
Recent CNN article on Trump (ID + Groceries)
#DeleteFacebook trends after report that Mark Zuckerberg held secretive meetings with conservative influencers
Trump’s attacks on Biden follow a playbook he’s practiced for more than 30 years
Trump Is Committed To Protecting Americans From Jihad-Islamic Terrorism
Powerful Trump Speech: “We Are Under Assault !”
AG Barr Speaks Out Against Demonic Enemies of America!
The Bidens are now caught in the middle of the conspiracy, following Hunters resignation from Chinese company
Massive Election Fraud Destruction Of Ballots!
Our Dear President Sold Out an Ally that Took Bullets for US and ISIS Prisoners Are Running Loose Again.
Space Force!
If America is great again, why am I so sad?
ABC news caught making fake news. Using footage from a gun range and claiming it's Turkey massacring innocent Kurdish civilians
Trump tweets "Happy Elizabeth Warren Day"
Black People Are Still Slaves Due To Islamic Sharia Law & Arab Racial Supremacy, Things Globalist Politicians Promote!
More Fun: CNN's Panties Pulled Down!
Kathy Griffiin
I saw the John Oliver episode on weather and had a sly feeling that Trump had something to do with it. I was not dissappointed.
Madonna
I've been trying to understand the Trump Base
Trump, Ally With This Woman To Liberate California From Communism!
Trumps decision to leave the Kurds
My interview about the Hollywood homeless crisis and how trump can help
At least they knew there was a G in the word foreign.
Trump must win if we want to keep our human rights and stop the LGBTQs circus.
Don saw the joker
This is the group that the media calls "allies". Forcefully recruiting child soldiers and murdering children/youth who refuse.
Can anyone explain how this is, acceptable?
Banned from /r politics. That was fast.
You know what's good for a few laughs?
We need to stop calling democrats liberals
The latest on the Trump impeachment inquiry: Live updates
The Chinese government is taking organs from there citizens . Thats horrific.
Only Trump Can Fulfill America's Promise To These People!
Oceans 14
Orthodox Church Prays For Trump & Canada's Maxime Bernier PPC !
First impeach, then...
Who’s your vote for 2020?
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm.
Now being fa is caused by racism lol. LIBERALISM, find a cure.
Funny, but also depressingly real.
Watch and share. This is outrageous !!!! "DYSTOPIA AT HOME: China's Social Credit System Coming to the U.S." Google needs to be stopped.
Trump vs The Fake Political contenders.
Do users of this sub who defended removing 100 soldiers from Syria support sending 2,000 troops to Saudi’s Arabia? If so, why?
Jimmy Carter’s 1977 law gives Trump sweeping powers to block China trade
Trump Supporter Assaulted at Minneapolis Rally
im at my first TRUMP rally! #MAGA
REAL Difference Between Pro-Trump PPC Immigration Policy & LibCon Mass Migration As Admitted By Each Party Leader!
Cya !!
Green Party Whore Elizabeth May Loves Terrorists Who Murder American Soldiers!
$650 Million Was Worth It, Eh Justin Trudeau: CBC 'Unbiased Journalists' Are Shills For Globalist Politicians!
Wouldn't it be great if every opponent of Trump began each campaign speech making fun of Trump's hair?
Western Big Ass Corporations Bow To Communist China!
Trudeau Liberal MP Joe Peschisolido Is Under Investigation For International Money Laundering While Seeking Re-Election In Steveston — Richmond East !
Justin Trudeau's Sex Crimes! Why The Hush $ Justin?!
Got banned for that comment 😀😂why are people sensitive nowadays.
Paul Ryan
This is the world we live in, apparently
Breaking- Outside Minneapolis Trump Rally: Protestors Lighting MAGA Hats On Fire! Rushing Police & Calling Them Pigs! OUT OF CONTROL !!!
South Park Kicks Communist China's Ass!
Degenerate Canadian MSM Smearing Maxime Bernier & PPC As 'Racists' While Portraying Islamist Soufi Restaurant Owner & His ANTIFA Thug Son As 'Victims'!
Liberal POLICY DOCUMENT Calling For Capital Gains Tax Up To 50% On The Sale Of A Principle Residence!
NDP Hypocrite Jagmeet Singh Caught On Video Spouting Sikh Supremacy! No Surprise This Hypocrite Hates Trump!
Russian-born Giuliani accomplices in Ukraine scandal arrested on campaign finance charges
The hardest thing he has to do
What will be the next BS scandal?
Schlapp explain why democrats fear Trump's next presidential bid.
Fox News Poll Shows Record Support For Sending Trump Home
Trump being Trump
How can you still support the President.
Can a human truly be this stupid?
Killary
White House vows to fight impeachment inquiry
NRGLab & New Technology
Winning! Debate Raised Interest In PPC Far Greater Than All Globalist Parties Combined !
Free Expression Is Under Attack In Canada!
Reddit Aggressively Censoring Content Critical Of China: Story About Hearthstone Player Banned By Blizzard For Pro-Hong Kong statement Removed From THREE Different Subs On The Front Page Of /r/all !
'No Real Thinking In Academia Anymore'- MIT Scientist Dr. Shiva Ayyadurai
PPC Leader Maxime Bernier's Post Debate Scrum- The Man Keeps Fighting For Liberty!
PPC Leader Maxime Bernier Exposes Rest Of Canadian Parties As Traitors While Laying Out PPC Plan To Liberate Canada!
In Short Live TV Video PPC Leader Maxime Bernier Lays Out Pro-Liberty Platform To Liberate Canada!
Meghan "Pig Face" Mccain BASHES Trump's anti-war stance.
Meanwhile in the White House locker room...
RUSSIAN ACTIVE MEASURE;S CAMPAIGNS AND INTERFERENCE IN THE 2016 U.S. ELECTION
This is fantastic.
The Ukraine Scandal Drawn On A Chalkboard
lets talk im a canadian who is liberal and i wana vote NDP the socialist group and we have a election this october. talk to me. i wana see your side and try to learn.
Just Hours After Trump Bends to Erdoğan, Reports Indicate Turkey's Bombing of Kurdish Forces Has Begun
NDP Leader Jagmeet Singh In This 2016 Video Is A Sikh Supremacist Sitting With Sikh Terrorists Talking About Their Superiority & Violence On Others! Stop Him & Vote PPC !
#greatandunmatchedwisdom
Ukraine Special Leads to the Worst Shadowban We've Ever Seen
Why do people not wear Trump gear in public?
Donald Trump keeps proving that he is impervious to the normal forces of politics
Warren Tells Audience She Was Fired From School For Being Visibly Pregnant, Different Claim Than She ‘Made The Decision’ to in 2008
Seems accurate.
Textbook narcissist
Trump Administration Partners with Rural Communities to Grow Outdoor Recreation Economy
This is how the left has a conversation
HW Pod 四八: The Real Ukraine Scandal & Trump's innocence!
Hypocrite! Jagmeet Singh Speaking Alongside Sikh Terrorists!
Justin Trudeau Pedophile!
Justin Trudeau Officially Charged In Court Today!
Wallace ADMITS Trump is a ‘Masterful Strategist’ During TDS Talk Therapy w/ Shep"
Trump RV, Garden State Parkway New Jersey just now
PROOF! Leaked video shows DNC colluded with Ukranian to take down Trump
Look at the date this video was published in March 2019. Biden Treason was exposed months before President Trump's Ukraine phone call. Impeachment Scam is more Democrat lies and TREASON. "Peter Schweizer just dropped a nuke on Joe Biden's 2020 chances"
The public is about to learn that the DOJ, FBI, + other US/Foreign assets have been actively working behind the scenes in one of the largest criminal investigations in modern day history. DECLAS > Purpose > illuminate the 'TRUTH' > People Transparency is the only way forward.
TRADE DEAL: Are You Finally Here?
Punish a Libtard Snowflake
Blowin whistles
The Lying POS Behind The Whistle Blower
Trump-Russian Collusion

Reaganite thanks Brexit for delivering Trump
The Trump Bear
Funny Parody of Trump! Hard to tell which side the makers are on...
Gutfeld: After three years of poking the bear, the bear poked back
Legacy Media Tries, Fails to Explain Trumps Impeachment-Resistant Approval HAHAHA
Trumbo
It seems there’s a second whistleblower.
Middle Class Is Getting Richer Under Trump
Joe Walsh: 'Trump Is a Traitor' | Breitbart
Yovanovitch is latest casualty of Trump war on career diplomats
Second whistleblower in Trump-Ukraine scandal comes forward: lawyer
Lies Democrats share
Legitimate question.
Another 4,200 truck drivers lost their jobs in September as a recession slams America’s $800 billion trucking industry
Watch "FAKE NEWS LIES 2 AMERICA!!! BIDEN'S CONFESSION!!! THE CFR LOVES CREEPY JOE!!!" CFR - COUNCIL OF FOREIGN RELATIONS AKA - THE ILLUMINATI PLOTTERS FOR NEW WORLD ORDER.... SAME BLOOD LINES.... "THE NAMES HAVE BEEN CHANGED TO PROTECT THE GUILTY." https://youtu.be/Js6ahUHuIyo
Join forces for Free Speech. Share this link. Stop BitBurning | Where Free Speech Makes A Stand. http://www.stopbitburning.com/
Check this out. Jesse Watters tells it....Democrat CRIMINALS are scared.... https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1180667198093824001?s=09
Can some one tell me what trump did
Rashida Tilab talks about arresting WH officials.
Americans are so creative...@BernieSanders
.@realDonaldTrump thanks for the coffee...
Marco Rubio Tells Reporter How It Is “Trump Is Playing You Like A Violín!”
Heart Bern Burn
Medicare is costing less, has more options under Trump: Dr. Siegel
Mainstream media wont show this, but hate it when we call them fake news.
Look at these racist pics. Someone give these to CNN.
The Warming
Weasel Nation – It Is Election Time Canada, What Do You Want for Your Future? Antifa, Bogus Anti-Hate Law-Fare Activists, Ungrateful “Refugees”, The Four Cowardly MSM-Approved Parties, The MSM Liars, & Cover-Uppers, Are All Toasting Canada. The Only Party That Can Save The Nation & MCGA Is The PPC !
Why Democrats Love Abortion: Genetic Sequencing of Common Vaccine Finds Entire Male Genome From Aborted Human Baby!
Democrats Support Pedophilia: Drag Queen Strips For Kids In Library!
Hong Kong Chaos: Undercover Cops Attacked Amid Backlash Over ‘Anti-Mask’ Law! MHKGA!
Hollywood Celebrities Form ‘Impeachment Task Force’- Pathetic Filth!
This Is Evil: Michael Knowles Protested For Supporting George Washington!!!
2 Boys Were Raped & Before It Was Publicized The Boys' Parents Were Murdered. So Justin Trudeau What Happened To Those Parents & These 2 Little Boys At The School You Were Teaching At ?!
Treason! Canada's Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan Attends Gala Honouring Chinese Communist Party Anniversary! Worshipping Murderous Criminal Filth!
Andrew Scheer Told CBC That He Agrees With Justin Trudeau & Somali Terrorist Ahmed Hussen That Canada Should Increase Its Immigration Levels, Already The Highest In Western World- Only 6% Of Canadians Are That Stupid ! Vote PPC !
#7, #72, #83 John Podesta Is Trudeau Campaign Aid = Collusion! + Tons More Documented Filth!
A friendly reminder to all the so-called "patriots" out there.
NYT Admits,Video Proves Schiff Lied! Attempted Coup Implodes!
If True Massive Scandal: Trudeau Had Sex With Minors?!
and expecting a different result...
This trump supporter sign I saw
President Trump Delivers on a Key Promise to American Farmers as EPA, USDA Announce Agreement on Promoting Biofuels
PERFECT SPOOF ON THESE IDIOT DEMON COMMUNISTS!! HORRIFIC. Watch "Don't Eat The Babies..." on YouTube https://youtu.be/QiqrP4GeKXo
LF Trump 45 Jersey
Convince me I'm wrong.
America’s top election official explains why Trump may be committing crimes
Trump told China he'd stay quiet on Hong Kong as long as trade talks progressed
hello I'm an opened minded person looking for discussion.
Well
Impeachment skeptic David Brock on why he flipped: "A clear story of egregious behavior" | Veteran of the Bill Clinton battle believed impeachment was pointless. Now he says, "Democrats should go full-on"
What We Know About Hunter Biden’s Business in China
Trump 2020
#woctxphotog on Twitter
I am voting trump and am no longer afraid to openly support him.
Does anyone have Trump's "look at this photograph" meme he uploaded to Twitter?
Shades of Alfred E Newman
Pouty Mc'pouter pants
👍👽
He just keeps going and going and going, he does it to himself hahaha. Fool!
Pelosi involved with URANIAN spy ops and cover ups. Money Laundering through UKRAINE for trafficking weapons, Uranium One, and what else. URANIUM one was covert ops to funnel USA uranium via Russia into Iran nuke plants in northern Syria.
Watch "#POWERNANA: MAFIOSI PELOSI, Vatican Raid, Criminal Congress. #DEADMANSWITCH" https://youtu.be/6uz4naqSJq4
DIRTY JOE BIDEN
It’s really quiet in here
Look at this photograph
Satanic Deep State: NXIVM & MARINA ABRAMOVIC = COZY NEIGHBORS IN DISTRICT 20!!!
A Look At The RACIST Democratic Party Since The Civil War
‘Catholic Revolution’ Orchestrated By Obama, Clinton, & Soros Put Francis In Power!
Encyclopedia Of John Podesta - #PizzaGate - Child Sex Trafficking - Satanic Occultism - Human Sacrifice - The Deep State's Use Of Pedophilia As A Means Of Compromising Individuals & Controlling Them!
Chronological List of Biden's Corruption as Vice President
Robert Dinero Being Sued For Being An Abusive Jackass.
Exactly.
Hey I want that one Democrat guy for President!
If Clinton was like Trump
If Clinton was like Trump...
Kevin McCarthy continues to win Trump's praise.
I am a liberal
TIME TO GET RID OF THE FUCKTARD IN THE WHITE HOUSE
“New Low”: Reporter PUSHED To The Ground For Asking Justin Trudeau A Question!
Cool Trump ad
Democrats Are A Laughing Stock
LOOK WHAT AMERICA PAID FOR!! WAKE UP AMERICA. . Watch "China's Dongfeng-41 missile - likely centerpiece at its 70th National Day parade?" on YouTube https://youtu.be/3zlOuuiv86E
Watch "China marks the 70th anniversary of its founding with military parade - watch live" on YouTube https://youtu.be/7395qcF2MGA
Lookie!
European here, recently been getting into politics
The PRESIDENT of the United States of America has posted a MEME! 😂
Bum Rush Hollywood With Tiffany FitzHenry - Clooney's Deep State Sex Cult Connections!
Burning Down The Academic Industrial Complex & The Need For REAL Science!
Trudeau and Kamala Harris Call on Big Tech to PURGE Anyone Who Disagrees With Them!
STOP THE DEMOCRATS MADNESS
You can say gotcha now
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a great American
Make Canada Great Again! Vote PPC !
MAD MAX - PPC
Canada's Choice - Tyranny Or Liberty
2020 Is No Longer Republican Vs. Democrat- It Is Freedom Vs. Tyranny!
Soviet Propaganda & NWO Propaganda Exposed As Same Filth!
Muammar Qadhafi On Liberty- Why NWO Murdered Him
Radical Islamism In Our Government !
Seeing how there are actually a lot of democrats on the sub thought Id share. Curious on Vegas betting odds of impeachment, tryin make some free money! After I win I’ll double down on 2020 election 😋
Ironic that this socialist is using the very health care he wants to destroy to have a heart procedure! Leftism prerequisite #1 be a massive hypocrite!
Liberals scum will somehow defend this.
Hillary Violated State Department Policy to Get Convicted Child Trafficker Out of Haiti. Activist Found Dead.
Big brain time
Did Mueller Cover Up the Role of Saudi Prince "Bandar Bush" in 9/11?
Berniewise
Fake News Annihilated By Fox News
Poll: Only 4 in 10 Republicans think Trump mentioned Biden on Ukraine call even though he acknowledged doing so
WATCH IT HERE! ~&gt; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxG87KbvvyU - AS Q WOULD SAY, ENJOY THE SHOW! BOMB-DIGGETY BOOM, PATRIOTS! LIVE TRUMP VIDEO PREMIER w/ LIVE CHAT! Never before has such an exciting and BOMB-DROPPING musical/video montage ever been produced.
It’s a simple question that has to be answered
US and North Korea set to resume productive ties soon.
Great Political Circus, But Not Worth Trillions
Gonna need a bigger hoax!
Jesus Is My Savior Trump Is My Presiden
Need some help understanding
Trump may have finally screwed himself
TOP 10 MAGA MEMES OF TRUMP’S FIRST TERM
Impeachment Inquiry 🤣
Fueled by Teachers and Average Donation of $18, Sanders Raised Record $25.3 Million in Third Quarter
Conversation with your standard leftist
Apols to Peter Fetcher
CooooCouuupChaChoo 2!
COOCOUPCHACHOO!
ICU, CraaazeeeComeeeyCooooup
Watch "The Webb Report - Chapter One Summary - Awans, Biden Blackberries, Covert Action Server, Evergreen". https://youtu.be/H9sjbZhFLrc
Here...let's laugh... what a joke these CLOWNS IN AMERICA are. Watch "☑️ ‘The MSM Mob Boss’ [Montage]🎥 1080p". https://youtu.be/yDlp5J6hkBs
63% of Non-Citizen Households Access Welfare Programs Compared to 35% of native households
Twitter Mob Habitat
#FreeHongKong
TYRANNY: CPC's Andrew Scheer Has Rebel News Reporter David Menzies Arrested At Campaign Event !
The Cult Of Diversity Is Killing Scholarship & Free Speech In Our Universities!
Help us get ready for 2020!
VIDEO: Fake Conservative (CPC) & Pro-Globalist Andrew Scheer Has Journalist Arrested & Ruffed Up! Total LibCon! Scheer = Trudeau! Vote PPC !
AWESOME Face 2 Face Video: Real Canadian Citizens Call Trudeau Traitor, Mother-F*cker, & C*cksucker!
Don't Send Your Kids To University. This Professor Of 30 Years Of Experience Will Tell You Why Universities Are Not Good Any Longer!
Had a laugh
Trump calls for arrest of Adam Schiff for "Treason"
Trump's mantra. If he knew what a mantra was
LIBERALISM, find a cure.
Not trump’s friend. Obama’s friend.
Trump may have finally screwed himself
Randy Quaid, Well know for his role in “Independence Day” where he sacrificed his life for the good of the country, took to twitter on Monday and called out Dem Lawmakers baseless Impeachment efforts.
Here comes Donald Trump’s week from hell
Sent to me from my Norwegian freind. This is a chart of "Emotive vocabulary that describes the Trump Administration and their Supporters". Wow
Trump Calls for Treason Inquiry
My American pen pal told me that he is embaressed by his country's extreme liberal-conservative rivalry. He said that he was sure that India is better. I sent him this-
If you haven’t seen it before, The Rubin Report is a pretty good show!
Freedom of speech no longer counts
PPC Candidate Gets Death Threats Via Letters!
How to respond to these trump haters?
When the democratic party forgets where they came from. Clearly education is to blame!
Corrupt democrats turning into socialist communist. Yet they wanna call Republicans fascist ha. Even r/politics is one sided.
Violence Against PPC !
Maybe Trump is getting to close for her comfort
More Confirmation Of An Epstein-Maxwell Blackmail Operation
Former Italian Prime Minister Salvini: "I'm Increasingly Convinced That There Is An Ongoing Attempt Of Ethnic Replacement Of One people With Another People. This Is Not Emergency Migration, But Organized Migration That Aims At Replacing The Italian People With Other Peoples."
Giuliani has Trump ‘believing this tin-foil hat stuff’: Veteran reporter says Rudy is ‘completely...
"ASK ME A REAL QUESTION": Kellyanne Conway gets HEATED with media at The...
Fake Media Has Been Thunderstruck
NSFW Someone sent me this ‘dick pic’. Not cool.
This and the failing health of RBG is what they are afraid of. Draining the swamp is nigh. 🇺🇸Trump 2020🇺🇸
Problem solved?
Everything is free!!!
When the phone call with the ukranian president work.
The most American Sprint Car ever🇺🇸🇺🇸
Liberal/Democrat here for honest discussion
Don't sweat the small stuff
Drain the swamp? Trump has named more lobbyists to Cabinet than Bush or Obama did in 8 years
House Judiciary committee on Securing 2020 Elections.
Did someone say free?
Child Rape Suspects Released In New York & New Jersey After Local Jails Refuse To Hold Men For ICE
Recap- Antifa are the fascists
😂
Teens being recruited to steal cars and smuggle ILLEGALS along the border. Group of Marines involved arrested.
Mother Jones, WashPost, NYT, CNN, & Yahoo All Exposed As Deep State Propaganda Puppets In Shocking FISA Memo!
R/politics is the biggest joke on reddit.
Is This the Sequel to "Curveball": Trump and Giuliani Chain-Jerked by Ukrainians?
This made me laugh. Made my day today
Trump car doing work in demolition derby
Trump releases Bombshell video Exposing Biden’s Ukrainian scandal
BOYCOTT all businesses that HIRE ILLEGALS. Send a message. Start a boycitt. NO JOBS FOR ILLEGAL INVADERS. Turn these companies into I.C.E. To report a person you think may be in the U.S. illegally, use the Homeland Security Investigations online tip form or call 1-866-347-2423 (in the U.S., Mexi
It’s a shame
WATCH THIS VIDEO THEN SHARE IT.
We all know who the whistleblower was
Watch "September 27th, 2019. Biden Is A Cover For Strzok, Bulger, And Archer In Ukraine HumptyDumpty Topple". https://youtu.be/dHIr3VGfEe8
Just gonna drop this one off here.....
Yeah.
Methinks he doeth protest too much.
A little graphic I created -- looking for feedback
very cool
Mustapha Mond
Help get this Trump page popular after I LOVE AMERICA got taken down! Dont let them silence us!
Trump 2020
Ukraine top official going after Joe Biden !
What would he have to do?
I submit this without opinion.
AG Prepares Evidence of a Deep State Conspiracy
He's using Snapchat now?
Hey is there a way to block the politics page
When Hillary Clinton Colluded with Ukraine.

UKRAINE CALL TRANSCRIPT BETWEEN PRESIDENT TRUMP & PRESIDENT ZELENSKYY
UKRAINE ON FIRE
BIDEN IS TOAST, DOCUMENTS PROVE HE LIED.
Ben Garrison is a great political cartoonist.
Quality Journalism
Reminder re: impeachment. 2/3rd Senate vote required to impeach POTUS.
Hey Dems and Libs..
Trump 2020
from 1939: "we need a business man for president"... "america for americans".
The democrats have essentially handed Trump 2020 through these impeachment proceedings
Coincidence... I think not.
Where To Donate?
EU FREEZES UKRAINE’S MISSING BILLIONS, BUT IF IT WAS CORRUPT WHY DID THE BANKS ACCEPT IT IN FIRST PLACE? https://www.globalwitness.org/id/blog/eu-freezes-ukraines-missing-billions-truncated/
BIDENS MONEY LAUNDERING FOR WHO AND FOR WHAT? RESEARCH UKRAINE WEAPONS DEALS. laundering, weapons proliferation Cabinet supports bill on combating money laundering, weapons proliferation By Interfax-Ukraine. Published Sept. 25. Updated Sept. 25 at 9:06 pm https://www.kyivpost.com/tag/money-launder
Time To Destroy The Climate Myth Again
Mark Dice Is Always On Point
Live: Acting DNI testifies on Whistleblower.
😂
Who's really fooling who?
Lock him up?
If This Offends You But That Does Not Then You Are A Victim Of The System!
Treasonous Trudeau Foundation Finances Global Jihad Against America!
Trump Train
PPC 30 Second Commercial On 'Liberal Immigration'
Fake News Blames TRUMP for China’s Takeover of United Nations
Trump
Jim Jordan and Candace Owens BRING Congress TO a STANDSTILL leaves them SPEECHLESS
The liberal brainwashing starts at a young age.
An Interesting Title....lol
Lock him up boys
Greta Is A Case Of Indoctrination
Should Donald Trump Get the Nobel Peace Prize? He Thinks So
#WHYALLTRUMPARDSGOTTAPLAYUSLIKETHAT
The man with no known jacket buttons
WESTBORO BAPTIST reacts to TRUMP IMPEACHMENT
Go ahead Nancy, impeach him....if you can.
What a time to be alive.
Trump on the phone with Putin in prison
Remember when ...
This is a constitutional crisis...
Nancy Pelosi will publicly call for Donald Trump’s impeachment later today
Any dissent?
FAKE Conservatives Exposed !!! International Democrat Union– The Centre Right Deep State Swamp!
Prophet Edgar Casey On Russo-American Alliance Based On Christ !!!
We told you Nancy Pelosi was going to impeach Donald Trump
Tulsi Gabbard: 'Can You Imagine if Google's CEO Was a Conservative Republican Shutting Down Democrat Voices?'
The Police Want Four More Years of President Trump.
Dems are liars.
Watch "Speech: Donald Trump Addresses the 74th Session of the United Nations - September 24, 2019" on YouTube https://youtu.be/QA6p30fES-U
Trump Tries To Pull Joe Biden Into A Mud War
This is Mexico. This is the REAL MEXICAN AGENDA For America. Institutional Revolutionary Party - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Institutional_Revolutionary_Party
Watch "RKTNN : DONALD TRUMP JUST DEPORTED 2,000 HONDURAN MIGRANTS BACK TO MEXICO AND HONDURAS WOW !!!" FINALLY JUSTICE!! https://youtu.be/2XeIcg-w0SI
Anyone else considering retiring abroad?
RAT INFESTED: Trump Supporters Clean Up LA While Democrats Focus on 'Resisting' the President
New video on Chappelle - stand up comedy - Trump connection
Donald Trump’s remaining surrogates hit the Sunday talk show circuit and make things even worse for
Someone needs some explaining to do
Trump claims Nobel Peace Prize is rigged against him
Opinion | Donald Trump vs. the United States of America
Trump admits he discussed Biden in call with Ukrainian president
India USA friendships!
Trump holds mass rally with Indian Prime Minister that was more like a campaign event than official
DEBUNKED Sorry, Trump Most Probably Signed The US-Mexico-Canada Trade Deal In The Correct Place
The AGENDA 2030 PLAN TO DESTROY AMERICA AND CULL HUMANITY
.
Benjamin Netanyahu just suffered a severe new blow on his way out the door
Brainstorming, Trump 2020 Re-Election Preparation, Creative Ideas? Help With Scale/Math Problem needed
Donald Trump has found a way to make an even bigger mess of the Iran debacle
Donald Trump just put a member of Congress in danger – again
The shame
Watch and Share.
He's coming for you're taxes.
If a leftist defends Islam then they are a misogynist, if they defend women then they are an Islamaphobe, do what you want but this helps expose the double standards of the left even more so
The final straw 😂
Brandon Straka and Lara trump interview
important
Will you show up for the fight? Will you expose the truth to wake others up?,
Maine or Mogadishu? African 'Refugees' Turn White Paradise Into Crime-Ridden Hellhole
Why is it okay to be racist against white people?
Trump whistleblower is Sue Gordon. She resigned on August 15th after she leaked on August 12th.
Question, why you support trump?
Guys, be warned
Keep it going.
I’ll vote for trump if...
Summary of H.R. 5404 : to Define the Dollar as a fixed weight of Gold.
His true personality
this is why i hate the mainstream media
Justin-Melania 2020
Trump needs to play this at a rally. All the dems would freak out.
Indian First Immigration Bill at Large!
There is something wrong here.
Rudy Giuliani melts down and confesses on live television as Donald Trump’s whistleblower scandal ex
Does Trump support gun ownership or not?
D-Day - General Eisenhower's Speech to Troops - Lost Combat Footage
Biden vows tax credit will put '720 million women' back in workforce
She still has not gotten over that she lost, she is detestable
Handheld ELF WEAPONS being deployed worldwide for crowd control.
Why Trump had a wad of cash in his back pocket
Breaking! US Intelligence Agencies Caught Spying on President Trump!
‘Love Trumps Hate’ Viral Documentary
Justin Trudeau Blackface Fiasco Links & Video
a bit confused, what’s up with this yang guy?
Organized a trump rally at my school today...
Donald Trump just threw Benjamin Netanyahu under the bus
Beto
Iran sticks it to a crippled Donald Trump
Trump knocks out Yang!!!
Trudeau The Racist

Natural language processing (NLP) is a subfield of linguistics, computer science, information engineering, and artificial intelligence concerned with the interactions between computers and human (natural) languages, in particular how to program computers to process and analyze large amounts of natural language data.
Challenges in natural language processing frequently involve speech recognition, natural language understanding, and natural language generation.
The history of natural language processing (NLP) generally started in the 1950s, although work can be found from earlier periods.
In 1950, Alan Turing published an article titled "Computing Machinery and Intelligence" which proposed what is now called the Turing test as a criterion of intelligence[clarification needed].
The Georgetown experiment in 1954 involved fully automatic translation of more than sixty Russian sentences into English. The authors claimed that within three or five years, machine translation would be a solved problem.[2]  However, real progress was much slower, and after the ALPAC report in 1966, which found that ten-year-long research had failed to fulfill the expectations, funding for machine translation was dramatically reduced.  Little further research in machine translation was conducted until the late 1980s, when the first statistical machine translation systems were developed.
Some notably successful natural language processing systems developed in the 1960s were SHRDLU, a natural language system working in restricted "blocks worlds" with restricted vocabularies, and ELIZA, a simulation of a Rogerian psychotherapist, written by Joseph Weizenbaum between 1964 and 1966.  Using almost no information about human thought or emotion, ELIZA sometimes provided a startlingly human-like interaction. When the "patient" exceeded the very small knowledge base, ELIZA might provide a generic response, for example, responding to "My head hurts" with "Why do you say your head hurts?".
During the 1970s, many programmers began to write "conceptual ontologies", which structured real-world information into computer-understandable data.  Examples are MARGIE (Schank, 1975), SAM (Cullingford, 1978), PAM (Wilensky, 1978), TaleSpin (Meehan, 1976), QUALM (Lehnert, 1977), Politics (Carbonell, 1979), and Plot Units (Lehnert 1981).  During this time, many chatterbots were written including PARRY, Racter, and Jabberwacky.
Up to the 1980s, most natural language processing systems were based on complex sets of hand-written rules.  Starting in the late 1980s, however, there was a revolution in natural language processing with the introduction of machine learning algorithms for language processing.  This was due to both the steady increase in computational power (see Moore's law) and the gradual lessening of the dominance of Chomskyan theories of linguistics (e.g. transformational grammar), whose theoretical underpinnings discouraged the sort of corpus linguistics that underlies the machine-learning approach to language processing.[3] Some of the earliest-used machine learning algorithms, such as decision trees, produced systems of hard if-then rules similar to existing hand-written rules.  However, part-of-speech tagging introduced the use of hidden Markov models to natural language processing, and increasingly, research has focused on statistical models, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to the features making up the input data. The cache language models upon which many speech recognition systems now rely are examples of such statistical models.  Such models are generally more robust when given unfamiliar input, especially input that contains errors (as is very common for real-world data), and produce more reliable results when integrated into a larger system comprising multiple subtasks.
Many of the notable early successes occurred in the field of machine translation, due especially to work at IBM Research, where successively more complicated statistical models were developed.  These systems were able to take advantage of existing multilingual textual corpora that had been produced by the Parliament of Canada and the European Union as a result of laws calling for the translation of all governmental proceedings into all official languages of the corresponding systems of government.  However, most other systems depended on corpora specifically developed for the tasks implemented by these systems, which was (and often continues to be) a major limitation in the success of these systems. As a result, a great deal of research has gone into methods of more effectively learning from limited amounts of data.
Recent research has increasingly focused on unsupervised and semi-supervised learning algorithms.  Such algorithms are able to learn from data that has not been hand-annotated with the desired answers, or using a combination of annotated and non-annotated data.  Generally, this task is much more difficult than supervised learning, and typically produces less accurate results for a given amount of input data.  However, there is an enormous amount of non-annotated data available (including, among other things, the entire content of the World Wide Web), which can often make up for the inferior results if the algorithm used has a low enough time complexity to be practical.
In the 2010s, representation learning and deep neural network-style machine learning methods became widespread in natural language processing, due in part to a flurry of results showing that such techniques[4][5] can achieve state-of-the-art results in many natural language tasks, for example in language modeling,[6]
parsing,[7][8] and many others. Popular techniques include the use of word embeddings to capture semantic properties of words, and an increase in end-to-end learning of a higher-level task (e.g., question answering) instead of relying on a pipeline of separate intermediate tasks (e.g., part-of-speech tagging and dependency parsing). In some areas, this shift has entailed substantial changes in how NLP systems are designed, such that deep neural network-based approaches may be viewed as a new paradigm distinct from statistical natural language processing. For instance, the term neural machine translation (NMT) emphasizes the fact that deep learning-based approaches to machine translation directly learn sequence-to-sequence transformations, obviating the need for intermediate steps such as word alignment and language modeling that were used in statistical machine translation (SMT).
In the early days, many language-processing systems were designed by hand-coding a set of rules:[9][10] such as by writing grammars or devising heuristic rules for stemming. 
Since the so-called "statistical revolution"[11][12] in the late 1980s and mid 1990s, much natural language processing research has relied heavily on machine learning. The machine-learning paradigm calls instead for using statistical inference to automatically learn such rules through the analysis of large corpora (the plural form of corpus, is a set of documents, possibly with human or computer annotations) of typical real-world examples.
Many different classes of machine-learning algorithms have been applied to natural-language-processing tasks. These algorithms take as input a large set of "features" that are generated from the input data. Some of the earliest-used algorithms, such as decision trees, produced systems of hard if-then rules similar to the systems of handwritten rules that were then common. Increasingly, however, research has focused on statistical models, which make soft, probabilistic decisions based on attaching real-valued weights to each input feature. Such models have the advantage that they can express the relative certainty of many different possible answers rather than only one, producing more reliable results when such a model is included as a component of a larger system.
Systems based on machine-learning algorithms have many advantages over handproduced rules:
The following is a list of some of the most commonly researched tasks in natural language processing. Some of these tasks have direct real-world applications, while others more commonly serve as subtasks that are used to aid in solving larger tasks.
Though natural language processing tasks are closely intertwined, they are frequently subdivided into categories for convenience. A coarse division is given below.
The first published work by an artificial intelligence was published in 2018, 1 the Road, marketed as a novel, contains sixty million words.
